# About

This is where you put the contents of your *About* page. Like all your pages, it's in [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) format.


Have you ever wondered how acceptable it is to hug or touch someone?While it maysound safe to avoid all physical contact so as not to offend anyone, the lack of touchingmight imply cold attitudes or indifference in interpersonal relationships.So, what should we do?The simple answer is to thoroughly learn unique culturalnorms for physical contact.In nonverbal communication terminology(术语）,physicalcontact and the study of touching are generally referred to as haptics.Haptics in communication often suggest the level of intimacy.They are usuallyclassified into two groups: high-contact and low-contact.Asia and quite surprisingly the United States, Canada and Britain belong tolow-contact cultures.People from the rest of the world, such as Latin America, areconsidered to be in high-contact cultures, where they tend to expect touching in socialinteractions and feel more comfortable with physical closeness.Despite the classification,there are more complex factors such as relational closeness, gender, age, and context thatcan affect how someone views physical contact.One common French custom of greetings is cheek-kissing, but it is mostly restricted tofriends, close acquaintances and family members.While cheek-kissing for Latin Americansis also a universal greeting form, it does not require such a high degree of relationalcloseness.However, gender matters more for them because check-kissing often onlyhappens between women or a man and a woman but not two men.In contrast, in certain Arabian, African, and Asian countries, men can publicly holdhands or show physical affection as signs of brotherhood or friendship while thesebehaviors may suggest a romantic relationship in other parts of the world.Although men'stouching is more normal in these cultures, physical contact between persons of oppositesexes who are not family members is negatively perceived in Arabian countries.These factors could definitely affect the degree to which someone is comfortable withtactile(触觉的）communication and physical intimacy.Therefore, if you are someone wholoves to show physical affection, you should not be afraid to show it or drastically changeyour behaviors—just ask for consent beforehand!
